README.md, before:

# Kode with Klossy Silly Strings

A string in Ruby is an data type that holds words, numbers, and other characters. A string is just data. This lab is a refresher on how to create and manipulate strings. You'll code your solution in `silly_string.rb`

You can read about strings and all the methods available [here](http://www.ruby-doc.org/core-2.1.1/String.html).

Write your code and test it out manually by running `ruby silly_string.rb` in the command line. If the output looks like it's intended to, you're good to go!


## Challenge:

1. Create a string that contains your favorite word, and save it to a variable called `my_word`.

2. Using a method built into ruby, capitalize every letter in the string you just created

3. Now let's make all the characters lowercase in the string `"IM NOT SHOUTING"`

4. Using a method built into ruby, count how many letters are in the string `"Karlie Kloss"`

5. Now let's add more words to that string, using `+` just like in math - That's called concatenation. Let's add together to the two strings `"wow"` and `"mom"`.

6. Now let's capitalize just the first letter of the sentence `"i really like programming"`

7. Let's take the string `"Astounding aardvarks, arguably an ancient animal, always ate apples and acorns and artichokes all around Athens, amazing!"`. We want to use the `gsub` method to switch all `A`s for `O`s, as well as all `a`s for `o`s. We'll need to chain `gsub`s.

8. Save each of the following strings to its own variable, then concatenate the variables in the order of the Kode with Klossy Camps!

  + "Chicago"
  + "Los Angeles"
  + "New York"
  + "Saint Louis"
  + "Detroit"
  + "Oakland"
  + "Austin"

Commit message:

Added the link to for the kwk camp schedule
Added the link for question 8 so that students know the order in which to put the strings.

README.md, after:

# Kode with Klossy Silly Strings

A string in Ruby is an data type that holds words, numbers, and other characters. A string is just data. This lab is a refresher on how to create and manipulate strings. You'll code your solution in `silly_string.rb`

You can read about strings and all the methods available [here](http://www.ruby-doc.org/core-2.1.1/String.html).

Write your code and test it out manually by running `ruby silly_string.rb` in the command line. If the output looks like it's intended to, you're good to go!


## Challenge:

1. Create a string that contains your favorite word, and save it to a variable called `my_word`.

2. Using a method built into ruby, capitalize every letter in the string you just created

3. Now let's make all the characters lowercase in the string `"IM NOT SHOUTING"`

4. Using a method built into ruby, count how many letters are in the string `"Karlie Kloss"`

5. Now let's add more words to that string, using `+` just like in math - That's called concatenation. Let's add together to the two strings `"wow"` and `"mom"`.

6. Now let's capitalize just the first letter of the sentence `"i really like programming"`

7. Let's take the string `"Astounding aardvarks, arguably an ancient animal, always ate apples and acorns and artichokes all around Athens, amazing!"`. We want to use the `gsub` method to switch all `A`s for `O`s, as well as all `a`s for `o`s. We'll need to chain `gsub`s.

8. Save each of the following strings to its own variable, then concatenate the variables in the order of the Kode with Klossy Camps! You can see the schedule [here](https://www.kodewithklossy.com/youth-scholarship).

  + "Chicago"
  + "Los Angeles"
  + "New York"
  + "Saint Louis"
  + "Detroit"
  + "Oakland"
  + "Austin"
